The Joe Rogan experience.
What we do, doesn't make sense. And I do it, you know,
like at world strongest man in 2019,
we had to pull two monster trucks because one was too light. <laugh> like,
come on. Like personally, that me off. Cause I suck at that event. <laugh> yeah.
And it was a slight incline.
Is that a weight event?
Like it helps to be like a 400 pound guy versus 280 pound guy.
With that event. Mass moves mass. Yeah. Like, yeah.
So in that year I had Thor in my group,
the dude weighed 4 30, 4 40 when we were competing against each other.
But he's pretty.
Light now. Isn't he?
Yeah. He's I think three 30. He's.
Actually right down the street. Oh really? He was at the honor gym.
He put up his, uh, Thor's uh, Instagram.
I knew he was in, uh, I know he was here lately. Um,
I know rain had them in LA and stuff like that. He might even be here.
This weekend. I don't know. I think he's here right now. Cuz he,
he was at on it Jim and he put up video of him hitting the pads and I have
to say like, he's doing everything right. It looks so he looks really,
but it's interesting because he's learning how to box cuz he's having these
boxing matches, but the way he's doing it is very intelligent.
Like he's not just like gritting his teeth and throwing his arms his far and
using all his, his physical muscle power. Yeah.
He's learning how to do it correctly.
And everything is like real smooth polished.
When you're fighting. Like you do have to be pretty relaxed.
Yes. When you're doing it, you have to be able to generate force quickly.
But you also have to be supple. You have to,
you have to be relaxed because if you're relaxed, you actually can move faster.
When you really tense up and wind up,
you lose a lot of your ability to close the distant quick.
It's gotta be like efficient. Yeah.
And the way you get efficient is by repetition,
with proper technique and learning how to, you know,
hit paths with proper technique. And you know, when I first saw him doing that,
I was like, oh my God. Imagine going from being strong man,
and being the mountain and game Thrones to trying to box like,
this is a awkward, but not more men. When you see, do you find it?
I don't see it all. At least not at on, oh maybe it's in the, on it gym.
That's I was looking, I switched to that and wasn't seeing it there either. God,
maybe it's one trainers recently. Yeah. Today. Okay.
Maybe it's one of the trainers I follow that posted it, but uh. I,
I really think it was him.
Yeah. I mean, I know he's in the states right now. Cause he was just in LA. No,
he's in.
Austin a week ago. He's in Austin. Um, let's see that,
that right there. See? Right that right there. September 13th.
That's not at the honor gym. That's just him. Yeah.
He's lost like training about a hundred pounds. Yeah.
He looks great.
Yeah. No, he looks awesome.
It's crazy. It's like a totally different kind of human now. You know,
big time now he looks like a, a big athlete.
I wonder what his like long term goals are in that are. I don't know.
There's a lot of money in like freak boxing matches. I know.
You know it's.
Crazy. If you could get like Logan Paul to box the mountain.
<Laugh> oh yeah. Put Penski. Yeah. He just, he, yeah.
He won, but he's been fighting for a long time now. Yeah. Ever.
Since he stepped out of world strongest, man, he went into the MMA world,
watched this.
This is an interesting, pretty quick he guy watch this. Boom.
Yeah. Crazy. And the guy who fought was a giant too. Yeah, crazy.
But Putin's been fighting in MMA for a long time.
He fought Tim Sylvia who was the former UFC heavyweight champion.
And that was a crazy stupid fight. Like he got his, was it good? No, no.
He got his kicked, but I mean like of course he got his kicked. Yeah.
He's literally fighting a former world champion and he's just a really strong
guy learning how to fight. Exactly.
And he was the guy like when he first started fighting,
he could see like he'd hit pads and he'd be like, it would be all arms.
Just Neanderthal. Yeah.
But now he's like throwing his shoulders in and moving his hips. He's become,
he's got, he's still big as. But he's like, he's lost some weight in.
Gain. I feel like none of us strong men are ever gonna be small. Right.
For the rest of when he gets to this level. Like I think you're just like,
you know, I look at my life and I'm like, yeah,
probably the lightest it'll ever be is like.
Two 30 to two 40 people are always coming to you to open the mayonnaise jar.
Always a hundred percent <laugh> yeah. Yeah.
You're probably, oh, always keep, I mean you, you only lose so much of it.
You're not gonna ever be like a marathon runner. I nor do. I want to be right.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.